Generate multiple values (#189)
litestar-org/polyfactory: docs/usage/configuration.rst

.. literalinclude:: /examples/configuration/test_example_5.py
    :caption: Setting a factory as a type default.
    :language: python

Randomized Collection Length
----------------------------

> Set of fields that allow you to generate collection with random length. By default only one item is generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set of fields that allow you to generate a collection with random lengths. By default only one item is generated.
```
